hey guys I'm Michael Allen on the anvil
for trouble Costa Rican al.com
guys we're imported viejo Costa Rica on
the Caribbean side we've never been here
before I've never been for view
really are the Caribbean side but it's a
really nice pretty bagel is a really
nice town check out our other video to
see what portoviejo looks like but this
is a hotel review and there are plenty
of hotels in portoviejo ranging from
like six dollars a night to two hundred
dollars a night for our little bungalows
and stuff but today we are at Coconut
Grove
now they got four rooms and an apartment
and rooms go anywhere from $20 a night
with a shared bathroom to about $50 a
night but it depends on lower high
season so you need to check out the
website for that we stayed in the
apartment it has a full kitchen nice
nice little nice little area that for
sleeping area they have bunk beds and a
big nice double bed and another extra
bit twin bed it was linear no air
conditioning no air conditioning all the
beds have mosquito nets over them which
comes in handy in the areas of party but
we think this is a good bang for your
buck with the $45 from two people then
for each person it's ten dollars but
when you got your home kitchen a big
refrigerator hot water and stuff it
could be a pretty good value and you're
right across the street from the beach
camera turn this way you'll see the
beaches like but if you're looking for a
party place this really doesn't have a
whole lot of atmosphere there's clothes
in town you're not far from Port of the
FL everything's walking distance so if
you just need a room if you just need a
room or an apartment for more people
it's a good place to hang but you what
you just wouldn't hang out here it's not
that kind of place anyway guys I hope it
else I'm like I'm Michael Allen I'm
Diana slope for travel Costa Rica now
calm these guys hope it helps
you
I guess if I had any feedback for Coco
Coconut Grove I'd say maybe breathe a
little bit more life into it
resuscitator because I've got a feeling
this gonna have a really much better
personality that's it
you